how'd your career in film they can begin
it began in 2002 first film of it was
as well from the film opportunities to
my first job you were most recently
museo del Toro stuntman yeah the wolfman
that's right was like working on that
ocean yeah it's great yeah by two years
with no great actors like Felicia del
Toro Hugo either great makeup artists
you make it on to be a great film you
I'm always the makeup brushes right as
long i find it though relaxer played a
lot cards where I mean for 22 times are
you making five hours a day six days a
week yeah I find it very relaxing we're
going to make pies wants to poke in the
face wake up they just pull your face we
love you we promoted the original thing
yeah I had watched it you know i watched
it again when I heard I was going to be
here brought fulfilled as well so if we
could pick up any air tips but yeah it's
great
what do you feel about the remake trend
going on in our learners it's always
good if you got the dough slowly built
the first film yeah right so we gather
been doing a good job in these remakes
later do you prefer acting or a stunt
work when I'm an actor will do my own
stunts work so I like the best both ways
because I do me acting and obviously I'm
doing me we still work with reacting you
know so I don't be too careful myself
it's let me start losing know obviously
they'll pull them back over if you think
I can't do this so I might hear myself a
lot more after the recast another
we're here at Monster Mania New Jersey
your first convention how's it going
it's great you know it's been a great
weekend what a great experience the
first convention so hopefully I company
again using more conventions there you
know great bunch of people you know and
just been a lot of love man so awesome
the can't stop saying the word also at
American that's American boy and I with
your favorite are a movie my favorite
heart has got to be the wolf man yeah
yeah the new woman sounds great awesome
have to got watch it I do you have any
upcoming projects which to look out for
there's a couple of things and they
arise in the pin signed and sealed yet
so don't really talk about them side
door few driving lesson you talk about
it just now the only closing remarks for
the readers of Monster Mania is the most
amazing thing I've ever done so far in
America you know it's amazing
Wickham oh thank you Peter